Ancient times from now on
We will increase the number of imperial competition places for Zhaojiacun
Let you
praise and promote
Wu Zhuangyue together
Although Zhao Ruolan came from humble beginnings
Family difficulties
But he never forgot his original intention
Don't forget ancestral training
We Zhaojiacun face right and wrong
unity and friendship
Gu Quan
One is external
That's great.
So I'm announcing that in the coming year
I want to take our Zhaojiacun
Create a domestic Olympic demonstration village
I will also come up with a billion
Building for our Zhaojiacun
A dedicated training ground
And buy the best training equipment.
You will never be exposed to the wind and the sun again
I won't lift ten crushes
That's fine.
It has to be our Ruolan
We all owe Ruolan an apology
I owe Daming an apology
Ruolan, I'm sorry.
It's a big mistake
Dabu Niang shouldn't insult you
Shouldn't hit you
You call back
You hit
Okay, okay, Daming.
Ruolan
I'm sorry for you father and daughter
I went too far.
You can punish or beat as you like
Both of me.
Uncle Wang is gone
Sorry uncle
You did something wrong before.
But that's all over now.
And at the critical moment, you stood up and protected me
So we will always be a family